









home - ทองหล่อ thonglor thai cuisine






































homeaboutrestaurant's storymenu
thai foodthai dessertbeveragepromotionmedia
galleryvideocontact 


































banner slide 01
banner slide 02
banner slide 03
banner slide 04
 


 


















 open daily from 10:30 - 21:00 hrs.last order 20:30 hrs.
                  





                  follow us   
095-426-4646, 02-000-4701













about


"thonglor", one of thailand'shistorical road, is recognized as the path ofprosperity in cultural exchange.


the meaning of the word "thonglor" is the melting of gold by heat to create various forms. inspired by this profound meaning, thonglor thai cuisine blends up all the deliciousness into contemporary local thai delicacies under the supervision of chef vorapol itthikhanesorn, also known as chef thomas, the head chef who is famed for his expertise in using local thai ingredients and traditional thai recipes that emphasize the nutritional value of thai food in order to deliver unique taste and perfectly convey the local culture of thailand. the meticulousness in choosing raw materials has resulted in rich, authentic flavors and a high level of food safety. the use of locally-sourced raw materials also helps support local farmers in a meaningful way, while at the same time passing on natural deliciousness of the ingredients to customers and making every meal a worthy one. 

















our story


thonglor thai cuisine offerstraditional thai cuisine


that incorporates native thai ingredients, allowing customers to experience the authentic taste of traditional thai recipes. the restaurant’s name also gives off a sense of elegance and compelling attractiveness. our head chef and his crew, who are the young generation with great passion for thai cuisine, are determined to modernize and unlock the unique charm of local recipes. the kitchen crew are working in a fun and vibrant atmosphere and doing their best to make sure that customers are happy and satisfied with their dining experience, complemented by a cheerful, casual vibe. thonglor thai cuisine is committed to keeping traditional thai food alive and continuing to advance thai food innovation. we focus on the selection of fresh, quality ingredients in cooking, while maintaining quality under the standards of food safety management systems or iso 22000.





















restaurant_01
restaurant_02
restaurant_03
restaurant_04
 














chef's story





thonglor thai cuisine serves authentic traditional thai food with a hint of modernity by a new generation of chef team who are passionate in thai food and specialize in selecting local ingredients and curating authentic thai recipes that are rare to find these days. every dish on the menu is prepared to perfection according to valuable royal thai cuisine that many people may have forgotten. the meticulous process of selecting ingredients is what makes the food rich in flavor and truly represent the authentic thai cuisine. the organic ingredients used are also safe and clean since they are sourced directly from local suppliers, which is part of the effort to support farmers and deliver deliciousness from natural resources to customers through a fine-quality meal. the presentation of each dish is also unique and interesting so that customers can share happiness with each other on the table while enjoying delectable delicacies in a cozy vibe with a glimpse of thainess. the recipes emphasize on nutritional value to get the best of distinctive thai taste which perfectly conveys the traditions and cultures of thailand.


































staybridge suites bangkok thonglor hotel, 101 thonglor road, khlong tan nuea, watthana, bangkok 10110  | 02-000-4701











copyright © 2022 by thonglor thai cuisine































































homeaboutrestaurant's storymenu
thai foodthai dessertbeveragepromotionmedia
galleryvideocontact


create a joomla website with joomla templates. these joomla themes are reviewed and tested for optimal performance. high quality, premium joomla templates for your site 



